So time to write some wonderful code the script that cestus our entry for.
But since we're talking about modules imports and export thing.
I also need a number of Voll I will name it external Dutchesse and let's say in this fall I'll have
a variable which is a key value which should be 1000 and I want to use this value in my script that
Cheops.
Now of course I quit just at the import here but that's not what we're doing we're talking about modules
here.
Right.
So any script that script a test file is somehow want to print this key value.
And of course this year if a refresh won't work because key value is not defined as you can clearly
see here.
And thank you for having my console.
So that doesn't work.
And the question is how do we get it to work.
Well by adding modules I can't export to variable here just like this or putting the export keyword
in front of it and in the script Dutchesse file I can therefore import it.
And now the syntax here is important.
I use curly braces and inside of those braces I specify what I want to import.
So I want to import key value into name here has to match the export that name India Rafal key value
.
And don't be confused by all these Aerostich just because I'm not finished yet.
So I'm importing key value from.
And now I specify the path from which I want to import.
And I do want to import from my import from my.
Excuse me from my external.js file here.
They now clear the console and hit refresh.
You'll see 1000.
So now it prints to the consulate because I'm now importing from the Rafal successfully.
But here's an important note though here I have to add tachi as which is needed for a system chess here
to work correctly in the final specification.
You would import chess from the module name like this high risk as you can see here.
I'm just getting some arrows with that.
That is it's not found because it's looking for a file named external without an extension.
That is why I need to add the extension here to make this work.
I really want to stress this though in the final version or as it will run in the browser in the future
you would import from externals So what ever I write Dot.
Yes.
Think of it as if it word here it's schist needed for this example to work.
You won't need the file extension in the future it's only here for to get this example to work really
memorize that that's really important.
So we're successfully importing a variable from another fall.
And of course we can also add another export to say a function its name and test and does function and
we'll simply print out estat.
Now of course in my script not his fault.
I can also add this import here to the top.
I can import test from external datcha us and that I can run tests here.
For me it does.
You see it tested.
So this also works.
Now since I'm importing them from the same file I can also combine the import statement to not have
two lines here.
So now I've run this you'll still see it works even though I'm now doing this all in one line.
On the other hand in the external file I can also change this.
I could remove the export keywords here and instead at the bottom simply export.
And then what call the braces key value and test.
So if I cleared a console and now refresh.
You see this also works.
So I can group the imports in the script or chest fall and I can also grouped the exports here.
And that's of course important to understand that you can follow it this way too when you don't have
to specify the export keyword.
You may but you don't have to you can also group it at the end of your file.
Now here's an interesting question if I'd say my test function also changes my key value to 2000 and
then in my script that shares fall I import this.
I run test and then I lock key value again.
What do you think will happen if I now look at this.
Well the answer is C it's change cell key value.
We import here really is only the reference to the variable in the aggregate file it's not copied over
.
We're not copying everything we're not copying the value we're just copying the reference.
Therefore if I execute code which changes the value in the Rafal like the test function does then the
key value will be changed to what if it printed again.
It will be different from well to the first time we print it.
So that's important to understand.
You're not importing the values you were importing the references to them.
So any links to the actual things.
And of course you can also not only export functions or variables.
You can also export arrays objects whatever you want later as you will see.
You can also export classes to use to our files.
So that's all it's possible.